feature: configurable default sort column for the process widget (#2053)
ClementTsang/bottom: CHANGELOG.md

- [#2045](https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom/pull/2045): Add support for showing a decimal place for CPU usage
- [#2046](https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom/pull/2046): Add a `show_table_scroll_bar` config option to show a scroll bar on table widgets.
- [#2048](https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom/pull/2048): Add support for a temperature graph to show sensor temperature change over time.

> - [#810](https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom/issues/810): Add a configurable default sort column for the process widget, settable via the `default_sort` field under `[processes]` and the `--process_default_sort` CLI flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#2053](https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom/pull/2053): Add a configurable default sort column for the process widget, settable via the `default_sort` field under `[processes]` and the `--process_default_sort` CLI flag.
```
